we should go we could go to bring good
buddy yeah that's a good idea oh shit
well we can go over there let's go to
the street yeah we have to go that way
though crotch I need your phone can we
hold it but my water like let me know
windows yeah I would like lay out
somewhere i'll be doing my shoes oh my
no no Emily halls what are we doing my
parents didn't even notice when i'm gone
i didn't walk out of the house I once
walked through the park and they didn't
even know I was gone I was gone for like
two hours do didn't notice we were gone
all right watch out this might be whoo
dude hello step on
my fingers are freaking cold by them the
light limpa by a dark week thing like a
creek Oh your dad's hurry up drop it on
the light again Oh Joe ready wait wait
let me do it really good no project hi
do you see it janina yard Barney Mumford
respite after the day's fire like a
little chair no that's stupid like wet
cuz then it like good yeah fine dude i'm
uploading this on facebook totally warm
on get in the hair over me yeah put in
your dream house pitch here it matches
no keep recording it corny hey I'm i am
recording the old later once a night oh
my gosh start back for you put a
warehouse okay oh my god it works right
that's so going back into the I just
ready to go is not working you're like
non-flammable hi half the bar okay well
I can't a 9700 does vary more no I know
you're not I think when it's already lit
then like the fire goes to the bottle in
the bottle of music and I have a
gorgeous you should throw oh no don't
worry about okay let's say we have fire
don't need love too firecracker and the
torch like the thing I was like oh my
god i don't like is it you get its wings
on fire uh-huh watching TV we think of
Midas raised on fire boo she swings on
doesn't have wings I can't focus that
bad yeah you wouldn't know wait burn
them all I don't really semester it like
a braai kitchen fuck this shit Oh
what did you say give it here as I goes
wrong right you can barely see sorry so
come o